---
layout: post
title: "I did an inktober and I want to tell you about it"
category: posts
draft: true
---

Inktober is a project where artists make an ink drawing every day for the
whole month of October. This year I did an inktober but ignored all the rules, and
made Internet Stuff™️ instead. That experiment lives [here](https://howthee.glitch.me), but
I want to tell you why I did it before you go ahead and judge it. I
think that it's also important to tell you it was a huge pain in the ass just
in case you watched it unfold and thought I was magically landing every jump.

## The why
"Art" is a word I struggle with a lot. I don't think any of the things
I make are really art yet (please don't email me to tell me they are, this isn't
the point of this post). At the same time, I also obsess about the things
I make until I feel they represent _me_, which is one of the
features of art -- hence the struggle. For example, I made pottery for well over a year
before I thought any of the mugs looked like what _I_ wanted them to look like.
They looked fine, and they looked like mugs, but they weren't the kind of mugs
_I_ wanted to make. That's a different post.

One of the qualities you need to be an artist, in my opinion, is to be
extremely creative. I am not extremely creative, but I do believe that creativity,
like literally any other skill, can be learnt. So with inktober I wanted to
force myself to think creatively every day, for a whole month, and see if that
would level up my creativity.

## The how
I don't like open ended projects because I think they lead to
intellectual wankery instead of like, _actually doing the thing_, so I made up these rules
for my weird art experiment [1]:

- it had to be somehow about the sheriff of circle punch
- it shouldn't take more than like, an hour
- it's fine if I skipped weekends [2]

[1] Honestly the first day of inktober was a troll, to make fun of inktober
and my friend [Fabian](https://twitter.com/fabrahamlincoln), who I troll
with a [circle punch](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Circle%20Game)
any time I can. This of course ended up trolling me, because I did the whole fucking month
afterwards, so ain't that the troller becoming the trollee.

[2] I don't work weekends, and if anyone tells you that "being creative",
or "making art" doesn't feel like work, don't believe them. Nothing is a free lunch.

## The aftermath
I learnt a lot of CSS. A lot of the days ended up with me looking at Codepen
and trying to figure out what animation I could use that day. I learnt about
svg filters, and became really comfortable writing keyframes. I finally
managed to write `align-items: center; justify-content: space-between;`
without having to look it up. I only crashed my browser once.

Overall it was really, really hard, and I hated a lot of it.
A bunch of the days were [political](https://howthee.glitch.me/day-6.html). Some of the days were [freebies](https://howthee.glitch.me/day-8.html). [This one](https://howthee.glitch.me/day-18.html)
was my favourite. [This one](https://howthee.glitch.me/day-10.html) almost
made me throw my laptop at the cat.

And you know what? I think it worked. I noticed that I was walking around all day
_looking_ at everything like artists look at everything, trying to see
if there was anything I could use for that day's inktober. Once, when I was in
highschool, an art teacher set me up on a mentoring date with an art school major.
I told her half of the time I didn't know what to paint, and she told me to
just look at things and make them weird. "It's like an eiffel tower, but like
melting over a bridge, you know?". I didn't know, but then on day 18
I took a drum beat and made it into a Franken-morphed sheriff. I wrote down
every idea that I had, and after the month was over, I still had ideas left over.
They're not all good, but you can afford being picky when you're out of the drought.

<hr>
<div class="glitch-embed-wrap" style="height: 900px; width: 100%;">
  <iframe
    allow="geolocation; microphone; camera; midi; encrypted-media"
    src="https://glitch.com/embed/#!/embed/howthee?path=README.md&previewSize=100"
    alt="howthee on Glitch"
    style="height: 100%; width: 100%; border: 0;">
  </iframe>
</div>
