---
layout: post
title: "Week 12"
---
- Trying something really revolutionary this week which is “doing nothing”. Bare with me here. I mean: listening to an audio book and NOT also cleaning the house. Just sitting, listening to that book and doing nothing. WASTING THAT TIME. In this economy??? Yes. Do I dislike the idea? Also yes.

- Related: I switched to the Samantha Irby (Wow, no thank you) audiobook because a) she narrates it and her voice is great and b) after 365+ days in the panini, a voice that isn't my husband's is a welcomed blessing.

- I shipped out 10 linocut prints and (hyperbole) it was the most stressful thing I've done. Hand prints
are beautiful because they're so textured and imperfect and really truly awful because they're so textured and imperfect. I basically printed 10 extras so I'd have something to pick from, and ended up hating all of them. I hope that's just my brain, and the people who they went to end up liking them.

- California is opening up vaccines to all humans after April 15, and I have a vaccine appointment for April 22. It's been so long since this started that I've lost all hope. I assume something horrible will happen like they'll change their minds or I'll show up and they'll be like ha ha no vaccines for legal aliens or people whose names start with the letter M or they'll run out or I'll sleep through the appointment or or or. Welcome to my brain, it is a literal prison.

- All week I did many linocuts and no JavaScripts, so next week I'm making a rule to either only carve
generated things, or only generate things. In the carving pipeline: a generated bookcase, a generated tree ring. In the coding pipeline: a techno landscape (maybe???) for my friend Daniel, some posters for a conference my friend Jana is organizing. Neither of them read this and that's for the best.

- I [bought an art](https://www.instagram.com/p/CMm6WeKHgVM/) from an artist on Instagram! I don't usually like very abstract art, but this one is so bright and happy and I think will look great in our very white-walls apartment. It's coming from Malta, a country about which I know very little about (capital: Valetta, location: off the tip of the Italian boot, anything else: no)

- Big week to be a boat, eh?