---
layout: post
title: "Week 25: I redid my website"
---
- It's true, I did. I also wrote [a blog post](https://meowni.ca/posts/redesign/) about it because
tbh I did a good job on it, and it's a good read.
- As two ladies of leisure, Frances and I went to the MOMA on a weekday to see the new Nam June Paik exhibition. I didn't love all of it, but the bits I really enjoyed were all about putting TVs in unexpected situations. Which makes sense, since I really enjoy when surrealism is executed well. I loved [the TV garden](https://sfmoma-media-dev.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/www-media/2021/01/06155432/02-Nam-June-Paik-TV-Garden-768x512.jpg) which was a dark room of real life plants with a bunch of old school CRTs showing ... weird ass videos; [the TV cello](https://sfmoma-media-dev.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/www-media/2021/01/16103830/14-Peter-Moore-Charlotte-Moorman-with-TV-Cello-and-TV-Eyeglasses-768x965.jpg) and [TV bra](https://walker-col.imgix.net/wac_5538.tif?fm=jpg&w=1440&h=1050&fit=max&dpr=1.5) which are exactly what they say they are, and a bunch of TV sculptures, like this [TV robot](https://sfmoma-media-dev.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/www-media/2021/01/13165445/16-Nam-June-Paik-Merce-Digital-768x940.jpg).
- The museum still requires indoor masks, which I have nothing against but thought it was an interesting choice since most of SF has given up on indoor masks for the vaccinated and the whole point of museums is to like... not touch anything, people or art. Anyway, I bought a dope book from the gift shop about architectural form that (as I am writing this entry 3 weeks later) I have yet to open.
- Speaking of architectural form, the MOMA has a bonkers layout and I can never find the stairway that goes in the direction I need. I always end up wandering aimlessly around like a chicken. I have nothing against wandering aimlessly through a museum, I just don't like it to be in a quest for stairs.
- I bought a Diana Instant camera!!! Suz was the one who bought one first and tweeted about it, and it reminded me about how when I was poor in uni and "into photography" I was all about plastic leaky cameras (like Holgas and Dianas) but they were mad expensive and I needed to spend my money on predominantly food and wine. But now they're an afforable price for adult Monica AND they've made an instant version that works with the Instax film so you don't have to wait for 3 weeks to see you took a tragically exposed photo. Suz and I are now having this paired adventure where we text each other bad photos and compare notes. It's fun.