---
layout: post
title: "Week 3"
---
- Monday was off which ruined any routine I had formed. I barely got used
to waking up on Mondays to go to work and then bam, 2 weeks in, a Monday off. I had
dreams all week about working part time, probably because my brain is clinging
desperately to this hope of not having to ever wake up on Mondays.

- I got 3 [aquatic snails](https://twitter.com/notwaldorf/status/1351609102330327043?s=20) in a small little aquarium. They live next to my laptop so I can look at
them during the boring meetings, and they don't seem to have any worries. Tentative names: Shelly, Shelmet, Tickle me Shelmo. They're super active around noon, and I'm learning that whatever number of
tentacles I thought a snail had, it's incorrect. I am obsessed with them.

- We had an absolutely awful ER adventure with our dog. On Saturday night she was
really ill all of a sudden: she couldn't stand without falling over,
couldn't stop throwing up, and her nose was super hot (this is how you can
check if a dog has a fever!). Since she's golden retriever and therefore a
trash vacuum, we were almost positive she ate a poisonous mushroom, or
some coffee beans or chocolate or something bad like that. Imagine our shock when
the ER did a tox screen and it came back positive for....MDMA. Best guess right now is
that someone at the airbnb next door (who hosts a lot of dubious frat boys)
threw something in our fenced-in yard. In any case,
dogs shouldn't be on hard drugs, and she had a pretty rough rave of IV fluids and ice packs all night. Now I'm too freaked out to let her outside in the yard and have some empathy
towards the mothers who want to lock their childrens in the bedrooms and
never leave them out of their sight. What a shitty thing to do to a dog, man.

- I am reading ["Because Internet"](https://gretchenmcculloch.com/book/) by my second favourite linguist, Gretchen McCulloch.
My favourite linguist is Jane Solomon; she also wrote a book, ["the dictionary of difficult words"](https://www.amazon.com/Dictionary-Difficult-Words-perplexing-words/dp/1786038110), and 7 year old me would've thought it was the absolutely best ever.
If you have a smart ass 7 year old, buy it for them.

- I see some progress in my watercolours. Do's: layer blobs of colours, but only
after the previous one has completely dried. Dont's: No aggressive blending or
gradients that aren't just "this colour bled into this other one".
