---
layout: post
title: "Week 7"
---
- I got deep into geocaching, friends. I found 3 caches in Arizona! I didn't sign any of them
because I kept forgetting to bring a pen, so now nobody will know I was there. 

- Geocaching is mad in the US. We drove back from Arizona (flying? in this economy??), and there were
HUNDREDS along the highway. First, who are these people that stop on the side of the highway to hide a cache? 
Second, who are these people who stop on the side of the highway to go look for a cache? Were you raised by
wolves? Highways are dangerous yo, don't just stop on the shoulder unless your car is on fire.

- I am filled with fury about cryptoart. FILLED. I follow someone on Instagram who has raised money for the 
national park service, and loves Joshua Tree, and a lot of her art is of nature, and she's been minting like
3 NFTs a week. [Joanie Lemercier](https://joanielemercier.com/the-problem-of-cryptoart/) wrote how 10 seconds of
cryptoart used more energy than their studio in 2 years. TWO YEARS. Imagine being an artist that is
minting cryptoart in the same week that Texas residents are bankrupt because they couldn't pay their
$17,000 heating bill in the winter because the Texas utilities companies are messed up and unregulated and
can fuck with prices when supply is low. FILLED WITH FURY.

- Related: I think part of the problem is that we're not making people build those absurd rigs to mine crypto
anymore.In uni one of my friends built one of those babies to mine doge at home, and he could heat up his
house in the winter from it! Now you just sign up for a service that mines in a data center and heats up the
desert somewhere.

- Also related: I 100% empathize with artists that selling art is hard and it's impossible to make a living,
but as with everything, crypto isn't gonna solve anything. Unless you have a weird perpetuity clause in your
NFT (is that a thing? I don't know. I make it a point to know as little as possible about crypto because I already
have heartburn from regular life things and don't need more), the only people making money from cryptoart are the people who
could already sell regular art for a shit ton of money. Otherwise nobody is going to pay any real money
for your anonymous neon animated block, crypto or not. 

- I tweeted about this AND I now wrote about it and I am still filled with fury. Sorry to the 2 people
who read these notes and also read this on Twitter. Nobody better email me about this; I cannot be convinced to not hate crypto, and I will just mute you with high prejudice and no guilt.

- Honestly now that I am typing out these notes I'm also filled with fury about everything that's
going on with Google and Research, so I don't think I've done anything other than be angry all week. lol what 
a time to be alive.

- In the spare rage free seconds I've had left, I have been hard at work at getting meownica studio up and running. I have a special [instagram](https://www.instagram.com/meownica.studio/) account. I took the [actual store](https://www.meownica.studio/) out of maintenance mode. I enlisted my photographer friend [Ashley](https://www.ashleybatz.com/) (she is enormously talented, please hire her) to take photos so that I can update the store with real life product photos. This week is the week, I feel it.

- Also [canvas-sketch](https://github.com/mattdesl/canvas-sketch) is dope and it does dope things (like use units that make sense)
