---
layout: post
title: "Week 13"
---
- [Calico](https://www.nintendo.com/games/detail/calico-switch/) came out and I finished it in 2 days! It's an adorably cute game about running a pet cafe in a fantastical little world. It's honestly the kind of game I would make. It has an incredible cooking activity interaction, which I can only describe as "shit, this game engine has physics and collision detection, let's use it for something!". It's great. (spoilers if you don't want to play it: the interaction is "you turn into a smol person and throw the cooking ingredients that are now bigger than you at a giant bowl". it's wonderful.)

-  I am now playing Fenyx Rising on the Switch because it looked like a Zelda Breath of the Wild clone and can confirm: it's basically BOTW minus cooking plus quality of life improvements (swords don't break! more looting and outfits!). Don't know how the Ubisoft lawyers managed to sweep that under the rug, but I for one welcome the 50+ hours of gameplay ahead of me.

- I tried to make a Queen of Puddings desert because I saw it on celebrity bakeoff and like Dizzee Rascal (self proclaimed literal first time baker) managed to follow the recipe and do it so I felt overconfident. My custard didn't set; I would've come last in the technical challenge. Also, it was WAY too sweet in my opinion, but at least that part wasn't my fault. 

- I also made my own homemade kaya! I discovered kaya when I was in Singapore 2 years ago, and it was life changing. A kaya toast set is probably my favourite breakfast concept, and I missed having it since I ran out of the Ya Kun kaya I bought on that trip. Worry no more: I am back on that bullshit.

- I am doing a 2 week [Chloe Ting program](https://www.chloeting.com/program/2020/two-weeks-shred-challenge.html), which means I have exercised every day this week. This is a huge record that I am very proud of, because I think exercising is the most boring and awful activity in the universe. I hated every minute of it, but by Sunday the minutes SEEM to at least pass faster? I dunno fam, it's not great.

- I've started cross stitching while watching the Mentalist. It feels...oddly relaxing? I have no idea what I'm going to do with the result of cross stitching though, hang it in a bathroom somewhere? Is it too early to go down the pensioner aesthetic route?

- The linocut print of generated-with-javascript tree ring is almost done! I've been making some test prints, and they're cute! I think I'm going to write a blog post about the process because I am very happy with it!

- I think summer is coming. Better get that SPF out.