---
layout: post
title: "Week 22: a week of sports"
---
- Trying out titles because I have enough weeks that even I can't tell them apart and I lived through them.
- Sports!!! We went to the Nations League ⚽️ semis and finals in Denver. If you don't know this about me, I am a bit of a football (soccer) hooligan. Zach and I go to games, we sit in suporter sections, we chant. We went to France for the Women's World Cup, because sports is a great excuse to travel, and the US women's team is rad af. On top of that, a weird goal of mine is to be one of the drummers doing the chant drum beats, so I was super happy I got to [drum a couple of chants](https://www.instagram.com/p/CP9CDo_pBOw/) at both games! I even got a gnarly workplace injury blister this time! I think the next big international game is in Vegas, and this might be the one where I try to bring my very own snare drum? Stay tuned.
- Colorado in general has given up on masks for the fully vaccinated, which is still so very strange to me. I ate indoors. I walked into a store without a mask on. I hugged friends I haven't seen in a year. I hugged new friends I met in a bar.
- We had 2 free days in between the semis and the final, so we went to Boulder! I hadn't been before and I LOVED it. It's so cute and chill. I would definitely be happy living there for a couple of years.
- Books: I finished The Lies of Locke Lamora. It was an enjoyable story of thievery and shenanigans. I'm reading Midnight Library now and I am a bit worried because Laura (with who I usually agree on books) said she thought it was badly written, and I am a bit of a writing snob (eg I genuinely loved the writing style of The Starless Sea and a lot of people find that book unbearable). 
- I have updated my LinkedIn for the first time in over a decade. What a weird place that site is.
