---
layout: post
title: "Week 20"
---
- normalcy resumes chez nous. I know this isn't true everywhere, so if you're in a place of lockdown: I am sorry for how annoying these updates will be. I was a good girl and bunkered down for over a year, and now I've got antibodies in spades and taking advantage of it.
- first trip of the after times: Monterey! I'd never been, because prior to last year we didn't have a car, and renting a car for a 2 hour trip always felt daunting. However, now we have a car, and San Francisco is full of lovely things just a drive away.
- aquarium is still on pandemic rules so I didn't get to see any 🦦🦦🦦. Next time!
- left Hopper at a dog boarding place for half a day so that we could have brunch in Carmel "without the kids". First, paying for eggs I didn't cook was an incredible experience and I almost cried (this is a theme this month, every time I do something that was pedestrian and normal in the before times I get overwhelmed with emotion). Second, Hopper a) fooled the humans into somehow trusting she's not a vacuum cleaner and promptly ate another dog's lunch and b) was a squirelly weirdo and mostly wanted to hang out around humans and not the other dogs, which is 60% her personality and 40% something she picked up in the apocalypse. 
- had an *indoor* fancy dinner with fellow vaccinated friends, to celebrate our new superpowers, and the place had white Russian ice cream floats for desert and can I just say: yes. 
- EUROVISION. Incredible showings from Iceland and Ukraine, and absolute shit bouquet when it came to voting. Collusion has been a Eurovision classic since the dawn of time, but this year it was enraging. France, realu? Discount Edith Piaf? What a travesty. Special mention however to the international conspiracy of letting the UK go to the final only to award then 0 points across the board. A masterpiece, well done everyone. 
