---
layout: post
title: "Week 15"
---
- First week of being funemployed! It was very weird. By Wednesday I had lost track of what 
day it was, and I kept thinking it was a Saturday. By Friday I was overwhelmed with capitalism
guilt and thinking that I HAD to do something to "stay productive". What a fake idea y'all; it hadn't
even been a full week of vacation!

- I got vaccinated!!! I had no side effects other than a very sore arm, which is strange because
my immune system is the golden retriever of immune systems and doesn't miss a free opportunity
to throw a fever on something.

- I was on a [podcast](https://theworkitem.com/blog/creativity-monica-dinculescu/), and it was proper 
fun. Dan is a really nice and thoughtful interviewer. I was joking with him that I've been a bit 
traumatized by podcasts since this weird show I was on a while back about Web Components, where the
hosts wanted to just produce drama and stir shit; I think they even opened up with something like "this
could be the Jerry Springer of JavaScript" and I was like......am I the pregnant 16 year old without
a baby daddy in this story because I think I should be offended. Anyway. This podcast wasn't anything
like that, and I thoroughly loved being on it. 

- Also my hair looked great.

- I got to the Big Reveal on the Mentalist and I gotta say: it was very good. Unsual for a procedural show
to have like a very strong arc, but this was a thing that was 5 seasons in the making and it was great. Unfortunately this means I am reaching the end of this show and I don't have a next procedural lined up!!!

- Dog has an ear infection and it's incredibly gross. Golden Retrievers have a lot of ear.

- I think the trick to "exercising" is just living in yoga pants and sports bras. I am 100% more likely to
exercise if I'm already dressed for it, because the thought of changing into yoga pants from whatever potato sack outfit I'm wearing just to go exercise seems daunting. Is this a life hack? Also, what is wrong with my brain that changing into different clothes seems like an unmeasurable amount of effort?

- Actually don't answer that.