---
layout: post
title: "Week 11"
---
- It's been another week of people being shit, innit? I know I should be 
used to this by now, but it never ceases to amaze me the capability people have for violence
and evil, and the capability the patriarchy has to excuse it. "Dude had a bad day"? For real real?
If that excuse has legs then you'd expect every uterus-holding person to do at LEAST a murder
per year. And yet it's always white dudes who haven't ever thrown up from cramps or had to deal with birth control hormones that feel they're 
entitled to attention or sex or whatever and go on these racist murder sprees. And they're 
going to continue to as long as the media excuses them as "bad days", or gives them a platform by 
encouraging racism and xenophobia. If you're a Fox news anchor who's ever said the
words "china virus" in the last year...these murders are on you pal. I see you, and I deeply hope you don't have a good night of sleep for the rest of your life. 

- I took all this anger and donated to Red Canary Song and also pointlessly stabbed linoleum with it. The goal is to carve things a computer generates, 
but at the moment that's a bit too hard for me (I make the computer generate a lot of lines and uhhh that's a lot of cutting), so I've been carving some non-generative stuff. They're all a bit surrealist, because that is extremely my shit, but I don't really know what to do with them.

- I also don't understand my audience. For example, I made this [computer plant](https://meownica.bigcartel.com/product/the-internet-and-plants). I thought it was meh, so I wasn't gonna put it up in the store, but after tweeting about it, it ended up selling out in a nanosecond. I made this March Madness [basketball beet](https://meownica.bigcartel.com/product/basketball-buzzers-beets) that's 
like...actually well carved and in two colours and cute and nobody cared. The same happened with the generative stuff -- the [chaos attractors](https://meownica.bigcartel.com/product/smoke-1) I thought were deeply boring sold out instantly, the [wings in flight](https://meownica.bigcartel.com/product/flight-3) that 
I absolutely adore are a no-op. I don't get it, y'all. 

- I am back on my procedural bullshit. [Adam](https://twitter.com/mrmrs_) has been telling me about
the Mentalist for months now, and holy shit: he was right. A++ procedural murders, be back in 7 seasons.

- Every year I say I'm going to do a March Madness bracket where I ignore the chalk and just pick it on names and mascots, and every year I think the chalk knows best so I don't and get busted on like day 1. I see you Oral Roberts toothpastes and Loyola wolf boys, I should've kept you going to the final 4 like I wanted to, eh?

- Related: defensive fouls in basketball are absolutely bullshit. 

- Zach and I are rewatching all of the Marvel movies in story chronological order. This means that I went on
several really productive 4 am YouTube holes of watching Avengers bloopers, every recorded interview with Robert Downey Jr, and that whole Ally McBeal season he was on. Imagine if I could put that kind of energy in watching videos about quantum mechanics or something. Instead, I can tell you that he met his wife when filming Gothika, that Tom Hiddleston couldn't stop laughing during that one scene in Avengers 1 when Hulk smashes him into the Stark tower apartment floor, and that Mark Ruffalo is scared of needles so he doesn't have the Avengers tattoo everyone else got. WHY AM I THIS WAY.
